1. A student by the name of Izzy has a job interview coming up. Unfortunately, she does not have any of her professional
attire here at College with her. She is also a college student, so she is broke. The economy is hard now. So, she cannot
go to her job interview with a tank top and jeans, so she needs an alternative. Luckily, at Elizabethtown College, we 
have a Career closet that has tons of professioal and business attire clothing. Lucky for her, she can go. But, the times
that the career closet is open, she is busy and she does not know what the career closet offers. Hah, lucky for her again,
there is the JayCloset, which is the online page that contains all clothing that the Career Closet holds. She is able to 
login during her free time to the website and browse at what all different clothing pieces the career closet holds and 
is available to take. She is worried about sizes and colors, but luckily for her, the website has sizes and colors, as 
well as the picture of the article of clothing. So she is able to find what she needs and place an "order" of all that
she reserves. Then, an employee at the career closet desk, will then get the order and prepare it for pickup. Izzy is 
then able to go pick up her order and she is now ready for her interview! Using this website, she was able to pick up
her business attire clothing and she got the job!

2. The career closet employee, Brandon, needs to add new clothing that have come in. Using the admin interface, he is 
able to add the clothing, description, size, color, and a picture.

3. Mrs. Zegers has a student who came up to her in her professioal development seminar who is in need of some business
attire. So she recommends the JayCloset to him for him to browse. 

4. There has been a massive donation sent. Brandon, a Career closet employee cannot put all attire in by himself in one
day. So Betty rider, decides to help him out. Both Brandon and Betty put in all articles of clothing into the website
together at the same time. 

5. Jonathan is in a SCAD presentation that is coming up. He is a graphic design major and he does not own any business
attire. His presentation is tomorrow and he does not have a car so he cant go and buy. So he checks out the JayCloset
to see what they have. He is able to find attire that match his size and preference and is able to go pick it up quickly.
He is now ready for SCAD and does a great job presentating, professionally.